mkv drama network
[Romance on the farm]
[Episode 20]
[Restoran Zuixian]
Why did you just go home?
Honey.
It's so late, haven't you slept yet?
The king told me.
Honey.
Can you forgive me this time?
I just want to give them
This time I’ll give you a little lesson.
You think as long as I forgive you
Will this be forgotten?
I have no other choice.
I do it this way
It's for your own good.
When did I tell you?
Doing such a thing?
that's right.
You never asked me to do this.
but think about it
your situation
In the past few years in the Song family.
I don't think this is fair to you.
It's not easy for us to get there
Private Enterprise,
You can show your talents,
But Lian Maner appeared
Steal our business.
If I don't use a little trick
if i don't
Take back this business,
When will you succeed?
When can we have a stable position in the Song Mansion?
So far you haven't felt it
Are you guilty yourself?
you convince yourself to do this
It's for my own good.
help me fight
status in the Song family.
But have you ever thought about it?
Based on all your actions,
It's the Song family
Are you still willing to accept me now?
Honey.
What do you mean?
Since you made this mistake,
you should think of
You have to pay for it.
It's really not what he said.
So high.
Next person.
The previous statement is incorrect.
I see it clearly.
So high.
correct?
After all, his hand is still there...
Ada...
Next person.
He is so tall.
Still don't believe it?
Their words are wrong.
Adik Manr.
Finally, you are here.
one by one.
Don't worry.
I saw it with my own eyes.
During this period,
Many people provided clues.
No.
talk to each other.
Although
Found someone who takes action,
But people come every day
Too much.
This drama needs to continue.
Adik Manr.
We are guilty of you.
this is not your fault.
You don't have to apologize.
Hua'er should apologize.
Flower is my wife.
he made this mistake
It's to help me
Let me have a stable position
In the Song family.
Hope man'er brother
can forgive him
and let him go.
Release him?
After listening to your words,
This is my fault
He not only slandered me;
Actually...
Instead, they persecute the lives of others indiscriminately.
Sister, don't be angry.
luck...
Fortunately he didn't harm anyone's life
Then I dare
my apologies
Didn't he hurt other people's lives?
Because Brother Heng saved that person.
Hua'er really repented
Or maybe he just knows how to hide
After making a mistake?
you know very well
this matter.
You help him this time,
How about next time
What about next time?
Do you still want to defend him?
I promise.
this is the first time
It's also the last time.
If Brother Maner can forgive him
I won't open
Came to this restaurant again.
I will never let him get into trouble again.
I know,
Man'er and Shen Nuo's younger brother
Also a kind person.
If you hand over the money
to the government,
this matter
It will be discussed in court.
most likely
The flowers will be imprisoned.
But you give me the money,
It means you believe in my personality/
You don’t want the flowers to lose everything either.
Adik Manr.
Actually,
you still matter
Brotherly relationship.
My brother-in-law knows this very well.
But what about people who are poisoned?
Where is my restaurant?
this matter
It cannot be forgotten so easily.
I can
Bear all these consequences.
I will try my best to make up for it
to sick customers.
I'll make your restaurant
reopen.
My brother-in-law is from the Song family.
The Song family has ties to the government.
But as far as I know,
The brother-in-law has no real power.
How do you get my restaurant back open?
that's right.
I really don't have the ability.
But one person has this power.
OK
Master Song.
Let me ask myself first.
Goodbye, Boss Jia.
Boss Jia please.
Why are you here?
Elder brother.
I want to ask Brother Long for help.
Did I tell you?
If there's nothing else, don't bother me.
you didn't hear
Or what?
I think you are old
Life is comfortable,
Are you looking for an article?
Elder brother.
Just this once.
This is indeed an important thing.
Related to the Song family.
I have agreed to let you
Marry that poor girl.
I didn't expect this to happen again.
So, Brother Long
must help us
Otherwise, the Song family...
This is easily solved.
That's very good.
Thank you, brother.
Divorced him.
Send even flowers
and people who take poison
Go to the government.
make them confess
and accept the punishment.
This is related to
It's the Song family again.
Elder brother.
what are you saying?
Brother Long can ask me to do anything,
But I don't agree with this.
Do not discuss terms with me.
This is the result.
you come back.
Elder brother.
these years,
I have never asked for elder brother
under any circumstances.
Brother Chang told me to go east,
I dare not go west.
But today,
These are my words!
regardless,
Brother Chang must help me!
You have disobeyed.
do you know
everything you have now
Depends on whom?
It's enough.
Now, if
You lower your head and confess your love to me
Follow instructions and go home
I thought you didn't come today.
after,
You are still the young master of the Song family.
Your young master?
Although I am from the Song family,
But over the years,
Who ever thought I was your young master?
that's right.
Mom and eldest brother
Give me food, clothes and money,
let me live peacefully
But I'm of no use
So I hate myself.
The only thing I'm still doing
It's for life
So Dad knows I'm not dead yet.
If the elder brother is older
Didn't help me solve this problem today
No entry is allowed in Man'er Restaurant
reopen,
all the things you long to do,
Including Jinyang Chamber of Commerce,
Wu Zhonglian,
Government salt, personal salt,
- Even...
- Song Hailong!
I am indeed weak and incompetent,
But I'm not stupid.
For Brother Long,
This isn't a big problem for me.
Today I only have the elder brother
help me solve this problem,
Later, I
You are still a good person, listen to me
For my eldest brother and mother.
I will never betray you.
if not...
your brother
I used to think you were my brother
look like a weakling
And it won't work out.
Didn't expect today
For this poor girl...
Brother Long already looks down on you.
goodbye.
When did I say I would drive you away?
Honey.
I've taken good care of this.
You know you are guilty,
enough
We are husband and wife.
your fault
It was my fault
I don't think too highly of myself
and won't leave you
【Fresh dishes】
hurry up.
Open the door!
Set off firecrackers!
a good job!
May you have more and more wealth!
Hope the business is a hit!
May the money grow more and more!
The customer has arrived.
- Two customers, come on.
- This is the best restaurant I've ever eaten at
- Come to our restaurant.
- It's in front.
I took you there.
front.
Turn left.
OK
They... they look busy
And in a hurry.
Customers will come soon.
What...you said we go in first?
- Come first.
OK
Come in.
Come on in and take a look.
hurry up.
You're back?
It doesn't matter.
Today is just the first day our restaurant is open.
Many people don't know
Our restaurants are open again.
tomorrow,
I'll help you bring customers here.
It's enough.
Have you given up hope?
This is not your nature.
Where people love wealth
Who was full of fighting spirit before?
If you bring customers here again,
I just can't stand it anymore.
What do you mean?
manager!
The kitchen has run out of ingredients.
We need to buy more materials.
Why is it noisy?
The materials are gone and I can't do anything.
I was very busy just now.
Since our restaurant opened at noon to now,
Many customers came.
You see, my voice is hoarse.
I want to keep a pig leg for myself
But it was sold by noon.
that's right.
Lunch time has just passed.
All ingredients in the kitchen
sold out.
tomorrow,
What should be done?
It seems there are no customers.
But the store closed early.
Lian Maner, you lied to me again.
I have no idea
Our restaurant business is very good
Even though it just opened.
You didn't come back early either
Come help us.
hurry up.
where to?
There are no more ingredients in the kitchen.
You need to go up the mountain and bring back the materials.
OK
hurry up.
- hurry up.
Keep righteousness.
Come on, let's go together.
hurry up.
Don't be lazy, hurry up!
I'll give you a pork leg later.
Who set this trap?
The wife of the fourth son of the Song family
Who reports to officials.
at last,
Or should the Song family harass their employees?
so that the government does not
Investigate fresh dishes again.
In addition, they also closed Chunhuai Restaurant.
I didn't expect this boy to be named Shen Nuo
Solved the problem from scratch.
Not only did he resolve the crisis;
It can even be a competitor
Close your own restaurant.
You've already done a background check.
Shen Nuo?
Shen Nuo
He is the nephew of the Lian family
From Shisanli Village.
Because his hometown was flooded,
then he came here
Lives at his aunt's house.
Then he and his cousin,
That is
the girl you saw
Production of Brandi Merah Johan wines
Together.
They make a lot of money.
Then,
They opened this restaurant.
What happened when Shen Nuo joined the Chamber of Commerce?
Can be arranged now.
Mr. Wu.
This guy is eager to join the Chamber of Commerce.
What do we say...
Go deal with this.
[Restoran Yuelai]
I've seen destiny in your place
Your guess isn't even accurate.
Why is it wrong this time?
I know how to predict destiny.
I see destiny here
for many years.
Don't you feel guilty for your ancestors?
are you ready?
Almost done.
【Southern Goods Merchant】
【The great fortune teller】
Do you know fortune telling?
I see destiny based on your birth date.
How many.
Even if you were born on January 15th
And with the blessing of the Huagai Star,
But you were born in a bad era,
Such good luck does not exist for you.
You have some grace,
but...
queen...
what are you saying?
This is indeed a scam.
Return the money to me quickly.
no.
No.
give to me.
I advise you, this is better
Stop dreaming.
Are you still stupid?
this girl
She has a face as beautiful as a flower and a forehead as green as a willow.
it's clear
The face is like that of a rich and noble man.
Did you hear it?
Like this rich man's face
On my face.
You are a liar.
You just want to say I'm unlucky
And defrauded me of more money.
How many.
don't argue
This liar.
It's not good if a good mood is disturbed.
The gentleman is right.
not possible for me
Argue with such people.
Thanks.
How many.
Today, we are destined to meet.
able
May I invite you to drink tea and chat?
It wouldn't feel good if I went alone.
I still have stuff.
I'll come back first.
Let me ask myself first.
What do you mean?
I want to be friends with you.
I told you.
My eldest brother is
Clerk of Court.
If you dare to act recklessly,
I will tell my eldest brother
your law
Are you afraid?
Get aside quickly.
investigation.
he is
Which court secretary's sister.
this...
Tuan Liu.
am i
offended
Mr. Liu and the Jinyang Chamber of Commerce?
If available,
tell me
frank.
That's what you like to call yourself.
You're obsessed with being an officer.
I can not.
Today, if I
Notify your magistrate
and tell him to hand over your position as secretary
For others,
Can I
No.
if I have
any errors,
sorry sir.
See you are so anxious?
I'm not saying you made a mistake.
group
call me
Because there is an order?
I do have a trivial matter.
I hope you do.
If you finish it,
your position as secretary
Can be held.
OK
I'll try.
marry your sister
keKediaman Liu.
you mean
Xiu'er?
For you,
It's not that hard, right?
No.
That can't be the case.
Sister...my little sister
She is a country girl.
Since childhood I
He was spoiled rotten by my father and mother.
He doesn't know the rules either.
It doesn't matter.
I've met your sister.
he is very smart.
I really like him.
That can't be the case.
this...
He doesn't know the rules.
You are a rich man.
If he marries into the Liu family
and
To bother you,
We cannot afford the consequences.
He doesn't deserve it.
Whether he deserves it or not,
You can't decide.
you won't feel it
Marry your sister to Liu Mansion
Will it trouble him?
That was not what I meant.
- no.
- I mean, Liu Fugui
I don't deserve your guidance
Do something?
I can not.
I asked you to come over today
Not to talk to you.
your position as secretary,
I
Can be withdrawn at will.
After becoming in-laws with me,
Of course you can hold a position stably.
So in this case,
You should also agree
It doesn't matter
However.
【Shufang Pavilion】
Lin Gu.
You two came early.
Boss Cao.
Boss Cao is late.
How are you doing lately?
beautiful.
Lin Gu.
Rumor has it that you and Boss Zhao work together
In the recent silk business.
This business is very good.
It's still bearable.
Boss Cao.
When he says his name, he arrives.
Zhao is here.
Lin Gu.
Zhao.
- Boss Zhao.
- please.
Boss Cao is here too.
Hello, Boss Cao.
If it is not a business association, there will be a meeting,
We can't even find Boss Zhao
these ten years.
that's right.
Jinyang Chamber of Commerce Meeting
Very important.
There can be no delay.
Boss Cao, right?
- that's right.
Boss Gu, how have you been lately?
Kenapa Song Haikun
People don't like it?
Since he lost his balance book
He also lost his important job delivering inventory.
Once a person loses power,
the people who support him will also disperse.
In business associations,
Of course no one
Will forgive him again.
you can see
who among them
Is it a new stock shipper?
The saffron bird you gave me
before this
Really good.
Saffron Birds Fascinate You
This is not an easy task.
It seems that your home
There is also a quality parrot.
when i have the chance
See that bird?
as long as you like it,
I send it myself
to your residence
OK
Thank you in advance, Boss Zhao.
You're welcome.
Later we will need
More collaboration.
Will definitely cooperate.
They are all bosses.
Boss Wu asked the boss to come in.
please.
hurry up.
This winter,
Where did it come from?
These green fresh vegetables?
Not Mr. Wu
Did you buy it specifically from the south?
I forgot to introduce him to you.
Dia Shen Nuo, Bos Shen.
Vegetables are out of season
Provided by Boss Shen
for you.
from now on,
Boss Shen is
Member of Jinyang Chamber of Commerce.
Thank you Mr. Wu for your support.
Today I can see you here
It's my pride.
Later, when doing business,
I hope your boss will always give you guidance.
if you don't care
Vegetables at your house later
I will provide.
Boss Shen is too polite.
Boss Shen can practice
These hot spring vegetables,
You are definitely not a bad person.
I won't hesitate.
Thank you, Boss Shen.
You're welcome.
Thanks.
Mr. Wu, let’s have a drink together.
Mr. Wu.
When we gather together,
What do you think we should play?
that's right.
Just drink some wine
It's boring.
If this is the case,
what are you playing?
How about business problems?
Guess what...a business problem? OK
Yes.
Play the business puzzle.
Great business puzzle piece.
that's right.
If this is the case,
Follow the old rules.
Everyone rushed to answer.
The person who answered is wrong
Need to discipline yourself to have a glass of wine.
For those who answered correctly,
everyone is here
Have a glass of wine with him.
how?
OK
- OK.
Mr. Wu, please ask a question.
Guess what?
The size depends on human usage.
There are beautiful words written on her belly.
Sometimes, the entire surface is red.
It's always with beautiful views.
this...
I already know the answer.
The answer is a bookcase.
Punish yourself with a drink.
Is my answer wrong?
Mr. Wu.
The answer is a paintbrush.
You'll also punish yourself for having a glass of wine.
He wants to show greatness,
But it's also wrong.
Shen Bo.
Guess?
The answer might be stamps.
you.
Please raise a glass of wine.
Thanks.
——Boss Shen.
- The answer is correct.
Not above the sky,
Not under the rice fields.
it's hidden in the center
And very mysterious.
So mysterious?
Shen Bo.
Can't you guess yet?
All living things in heaven and earth
Also admire
Genuinely smart guy.
Mr. Wu.
Is my guess right?
stop playing
If Boss Shen is here
You can't win instantly.
I also guessed it accidentally.
I punished myself with a glass of wine.
So what's the answer?
spider.
Mr. Wu.
We've been drinking a lot.
What is the word?
Serve tea
Get over drunkenness?
- that's right.
OK
that's right.
Serve tea.
hurry up.
Bos Zhao.
It's obviously Boss Cao.
Thank you Mr. Wu for the tea.
Boss Cao is still very lucky.
I want to know, this morning,
Why are there birds in my house?
Chirping together.
Apparently...
I'll take the tea.
They are all bosses.
I'll drink first.
No wonder they do this.
Apparently, they are waiting for the results here.
Master.
Aren't you full?
I can't get enough of that place.
I only pay attention to their conversations.
What can you see?
From that tea?
Isn't this clear?
I mean him
Eligible for shipment.
It seems you'd better be hungry.
but that's it
It is impossible to speculate subjectively.
We still need to go to Boss Cao first.
Only then can we identify.
Master.
Do you have any good ideas?
bird.
bird?
The birds chirped.
Give me another one.
Put it down.
OK
wheat.
After going to the city to get married,
Be a rich wife,
I will take my mother there.
we don't have to do this
It’s the hard work again.
In the words of my daughter,
I don't find it difficult when I'm working.
The radishes are looking really good this year.
There is a lot of water.
wheat.
Elder brother.
Why did you come back suddenly?
Why are you carrying so much stuff?
wheat.
What do we talk about at home?
hurry up.
Brother Long, let me accept this thing.
Elder brother.
Dad always talks about you.
【Cao family】
Be careful on your journey today.
don't let them
Pay attention to this.
Be careful.
Well, hurry up.
Aren't you Boss Shen?
From fresh dishes?
Boss Cao.
coincidentally.
I take the bird for a walk.
I really didn’t see Boss Cao.
sorry.
Is this where Boss Cao lives?
that's right.
This bird brought by Boss Shen
Is it a gray sparrow?
great.
As the saying goes,
Teaching parrots by the window every day
So that what he said could make the emperor compose poetry.
royalty or nobility
Then there is the opportunity to feed the parrots.
This is the legendary noble bird.
The hitchhiker asked Boss Shen how he was doing
Do you have this bird?
Coincidentally, a friend of mine
Doing rare bird business in Bianjing.
Yes
Knowing that I joined the Jinyang Chamber of Commerce,
He also gave me this sparrow
as a signal of congratulations.
I know
this kind of bird
Even if there is a lot of money it is hard to find.
Boss Shen’s friend
Generous indeed.
This is a rare bird.
After listening to what Boss Cao said,
this bird
This is a rare bird.
Show your greatness to Boss Cao.
Just call him "Boss Cao".
Boss Cao.
This this……
This is really smart.
Boss Cao.
I know that Boss Cao likes birds very much.
Today, we are such a perfect match.
Why don't I give this favor to Boss Cao?
Give this bird to Boss Cao?
that's right.
No.
cannot.
this...
This bird is so valuable
I am
Absolutely love it.
I just
I have been interested in birds for a while.
If I'm no longer interested in the future
and didn't take good care of it,
Isn't this a waste of something valuable?
Better seize this opportunity
Choose a good owner for it.
I also believe in Boss Cao
Will definitely be treated well.
accept.
Boss Cao, take it.
If...if yes,
I can
Accept your kindness.
usually the two of you
what do you like?
Hobby?
It's embarrassing to say.
Usually, in addition to running a business,
I have no other hobbies.
Everyone in this world loves money,
but usually fun
Can't be missing.
after,
Boss Cao
take both of us
Always have fun.
OK
There is a golf tournament in two days.
People who participate in this game
He is a wealthy and famous local boss.
Then you two can come too.
Discuss business while having fun.
how?
Thank you, Boss Cao.
You're welcome.
Now,
If you both have nothing to worry about
What do you think about going to drink tea with me?
OK
We won't hesitate.
please.
OK
Gray spotted cicada.
Honey.
How much do we have to pay for the wedding fee?
Does it fit?
Although our family has been separated,
But he is still my biological brother.
I have to take care of his face.
Give more.
OK
Man'er, are you back?
how?
Is business good?
very good.
thing...
this thing
For whom?
For your mother.
He will get married soon.
Your father rushed to the city
Buy some good stuff.
Look at it.
I also deleted two things
From my dowry.
Mother
Will you get married?
I've never heard of this.
This is what happened this morning.
Sir, you have grown up
I came here specially to deliver this good news.
Your grandparents are happy.
They agreed immediately.
Feel like the groom's family
I have already decided the wedding day.
that's right.
It is said that he is Tuanmu Da Liu in the town.
This Liu family
is a wealthy family.
Starting at the weekend?
That rich man named Liu?
There aren't many people.
Liu Fugui?
that's right.
His name is indeed Liu Fugui.
Why?
Do you know Master Liu?
His young master?
Shisan.
Is Shen Nuo here?
It's been a few days, Master
So tired.
He went to bed early today.
What's wrong?
I just want to ask you.
Liu Fugui
Do you have a son?
Liu Fugui.
Why do you suddenly ask this question?
Sir, I have agreed to get married.
for my mother
Mr. Long said
This is a marriage with the young master Liu Fugui.
I heard Boss Cao say this.
Although Liu Fugui is already married
Many wives and concubines,
But he has no son.
No son?
Will not
Was he lying when he said he had a son?
This is so strange.
cannot.
I have to remind my grandparents.
Let them investigate clearly
Who will you marry?
And you?
How is the investigation going?
We are watching Boss Cao now.
He may be the new stockist
From Jinyang Business Association.
Me and the young master
Be friends with him.
Next,
We will once again have a close relationship with him,
Get the chance to find evidence
They smuggled illegal salt.
What's your plan?
stop.
brother.
today,
we have a date
your lord
please
inform him.
Boss Cao.
You came on time.
We are looking for you.
Why are you looking for me?
Boss Cao.
Were you so busy that you forgot about it?
Didn’t we agree today?
Want to play golf together?
that's right.
sorry.
you two.
I'm worried about something now
This needs to be done immediately.
We'll go another day.
Boss Cao.
you are anxious
where are you going?
As it happens, we have nothing.
Boss Cao, how about we go together?
unnecessary.
You cannot follow.
I'll come back to you later.
This boss Cao
Why take an empty carriage?
If he really is a stockist
Not today
Is it the day he receives the stock and sends it?